src/sp-protocol/README.md, before:

# Protocol

A greeter is a piece of software that connects to the server socket of the daemon.

# Greeter to daemon

A greeter can send requests to the daemon.

## Hello
After a 'Hello' message the daemon replies with a Data message. Further requests can be sent

## Activate Session
The message must contain the id of the Session object that should get acitvated.
If the request was successfull, the connection to the greeter will be closed after this request.

## Login
The message must contain a valid user name, password, and the id of the template that should get instanciated.
This request is answered by a reply with a Login Feedback message.

## Greeter start
The message results in the daemon trying to start a new session where the greeter is brought up.
After this request the daemon will close the communication connection. No further requests will be allowed.

# Daemon to Greeter

The daemon can sent messages to the greeter. Messages are only sent back as reply to a previous command.

## Data
This brings back a data obejct that contains all objects of sessions users and templates.

## Login Feedback
If a request to login is sent this object indicates if the login was successfull or not. If the request was successfull the daemon will close the connection

Commit message:

sp-daemon: answer to session activate and login try a feedback object
Maybe we can put some better diagnostics there at some point. Like "This
session is locked, you cannot activate it"

src/sp-protocol/README.md, after:

# Protocol

A greeter is a piece of software that connects to the server socket of the daemon.

# Greeter to daemon

A greeter can send requests to the daemon.

## Hello
After a 'Hello' message the daemon replies with a Data message. Further requests can be sent

## Activate Session
The message must contain the id of the Session object that should get acitvated.
The daemon will answer with a request feedback object.

## Login
The message must contain a valid user name, password, and the id of the template that should get instanciated.
The daemon will answer with a request feedback object.

## Greeter start
The message results in the daemon trying to start a new session where the greeter is brought up.
After this request the daemon will close the communication connection. No further requests will be allowed.

# Daemon to Greeter

The daemon can sent messages to the greeter. Messages are only sent back as reply to a previous command.

## Data
This brings back a data obejct that contains all objects of sessions users and templates.

## Login Feedback
If a request to login is sent this object indicates if the login was successfull or not. If the request was successfull the daemon will close the connection
